Which of the following statements about the goods receipt step are NOT true?

It results in a decrease in inventory. 
It can occur during the procurement process.
It can result in the creation of material and financial accounting documents. 
Materials are placed in an appropriate storage location with an appropriate status. 
It can occur during the production process.


The key organizational level associated with inventory management is 

Plant. 
Company code. 
Storage section. 
Storage area.
Storage location.


When do unplanned receipts occur? 

When an invoice has been canceled
When material is transferred to another location
When a reference document does not exist
When a stock transfer is created
When the capacity of a storage location is exceeded


In the production process, a goods issue reflects

Moving raw materials or semi-finished goods from a work center to storage bins.
Shipping finished goods or trading goods to a customer to fill a sales order.
Issuing finished goods to a production order. 
Shipping finished goods to a customer against a goods issue request.
Issuing raw materials or semi-finished goods to a production order.


Which of the following scenarios requires material-to-material posting?

Changing the material status from consignment to warehouse stock
Changing the material number of a material
Changing the material’s storage location
Changing the status of materials in stock
Changing the type of materials in stock


Which one of the following is NOT an example of using transfer postings?

Changing the material status from consignment to warehouse stock
Changing the material number of a material
Changing the material’s storage location
Changing the status of materials in stock
Changing the type of materials in stock


What is a stock transfer used for?

To change the status or type of materials in stock 
To show material movements when a material is received in the warehouse from the vendor’s location 
To indicate that a material-to-material change has been posted
To physically move materials from a storage location to the client’s warehouse
To physically move materials within the enterprise from one organizational level or location to another


Which of the following options is appropriate when two locations are physically close to each other and there is no significant time lag between issue and receipt?

One-step procedure
Two-step procedure
Three-step procedure
Stock transport order
None of the above


A storage location-to-storage location transfer involves which of the following? 

A stock transfer among several storage locations of two plants
A stock transfer between two storage locations of two plants
A stock transfer among several storage locations within the same plant
A stock transfer between two storage locations within the same plant 
A stock transfer between or among at least two storage locations within one or more plants


In plant-to-plant transfer, an FI document

Is created in both one-step and two-step movements.
Is created in two-step movements only.
Is created in one-step movements only.
Is not created. 


Which of the following represents the hierarchy of a warehouse?

Warehouse, storage section, storage type, storage bin  
Warehouse, storage bin, storage section, storage type
Warehouse, storage type, storage section, storage bin
Warehouse, storage section, storage bin, storage type
Warehouse, storage type, storage bin, storage section


Shelf storage, pallet storage, and rack storage are examples of 

Storage bins. 
Warehouses.
Storage sections.
Storage types.
None of the above


A storage type is a division of a warehouse based on the characteristics of the 

Weight, width, and type
Dimensions and profitability.
Space, materials, and activity.
Price, space, and type.
Usage, price, and dimensions.


Fast-moving, slow-moving, heavy, light, large, and small are examples of 

Storage bins. 
Warehouses.
Storage sections.
Storage types.
None of the above.


A picking area groups which of the following elements? 

Shelves and pallets
Storage bins, based on similar picking strategies
Materials with similar transportation type
Materials with similar usage
Materials of the same material type


If a company stores a material in a storage location that is associated with a warehouse, then it must include additional data 

In the storage location stock view of the material master for that material.
In the basic data view of the material master for that material.
In the general plant data/storage view of the material master for that material.
In the warehouse management view of the material master for that material.
No data need to be added. 


Shelves, stacks, and aisles are examples of 

Storage locations.
Coordinate systems for addresses.
Storage sections.
Storage identifiers.
Storage areas.


Which of the following represents the document used to plan the movement of materials into and out of bins in a warehouse? 

Transfer list
Transfer request
Transfer plan
Transfer order
Transfer requirement


Which of the following is a request to change the status of the material? 

Posting change notice
Notice for change
Material change list
Status request list
Change request


When creating a transfer order, you find that a particular material has to be moved from multiple source bins. Which of the following statements follows from this scenario?

The transfer order will have multiple line items for the material.
More than one transfer order needs to be created.
The material will be written in one line item.
An internal order request will be created to move the material into one source bin.
This scenario is impossible.


The ERP system can create transfer orders automatically, but only when 

A destination is known.
The reference document is a transfer requirement   
A warehouse movement type is specified.
A reference document exists.
Both the plant and the storage location are known.


Which of the following represents a possible sequence of steps in the warehouse movement process? 

Create a transfer request, physically move the materials, confirm the movement, retrieve the transfer request
Physically move the materials, confirm the movement, create a transfer request, retrieve the transfer request
Physically move the materials, generate a transfer order, confirm the movement, retrieve the transfer order
Generate a transfer order, retrieve the transfer order. confirm the movement, physically  move the materials
Generate a transfer order, physically move the materials, retrieve the transfer order, confirm the movement


In warehouse management steps associated with the procurement process, the warehouse inventory is calculated as sum of the inventory in the following places: 

Storage sections and storage areas
Warehouse bins and storage sections
Interim storage areas and warehouse bins
Storage locations and storage sections
Storage locations and storage areas


In a stock transfer from a plant where the storage location is warehouse managed to a plant where it is not, which of the following activities occurs at the receiving plant? 

A goods receipt triggers WM process steps.
A simple goods receipt is recorded in IM.
A goods issue triggers WM process steps.
A simple goods issue is recorded in IM. 
None of the above


In a bin status report, double-clicking on a bin that contains materials

Produces a drilldown report showing details of the materials. 
Opens a screen that enables you to change which bin is shown on the report.
Produces information about the bin location.
Opens a screen where storage bin information can be configured.
Will not display any data.


Warehouse management is typically used

By organizations that have small quantities of materials. 
By transportation companies.
By organizations that have either large quantities of materials or an expensive inventory.
By storage companies.
By organizations that demand better reporting for their inventory. 


A storage location is a key organizational level associated with inventory management. 


The most relevant category of master data in inventory management is the plant. 


A goods receipt cannot be posted without reference to an order.


Planned receipts occur when a reference document, such as a purchase order or a production order does not exist.


A goods issue results in the creation of appropriate material, FI, and CO documents. 


A goods issue, unlike a goods receipt, can be posted without reference to an order. 


A goods issue, unlike a goods receipt, results in a decrease in inventory. 


A transfer posting always involves an actual movement of materials. 


To change a material number you need to create a change request. 


In a consignment scenario, when raw materials are consumed in the production process, the status of the materials is changed from warehouse stock to consignment. 


A stock transfer involves physically moving materials. 


One-step procedure, two-step procedure, and stock transport order are strategies for moving materials. 


A material document is created during both the one-step and two-step procedures.


During the one-step procedure, two material documents are created.
	

Moving materials between two storage locations within the same plant or different plants is known as storage location-to-storage location transfer. 


One-step procedure is possible only when the materials are in unrestricted use at the supplying location.


When transferring materials between storage locations in the same plant, if quantities are valued in the same way, then no FI document is created.


In plant-to-plant transfer in the two-step method, the FI document is created at the time of receipt.


A movement of materials between two plants in different company codes is called a company code-to-company code transfer.


Stock transport orders with delivery include the invoice verification step.


In stock transport orders with delivery and billing, valuation is based on the purchase price in the STO.


Inventory management keeps track of the quantity of materials in storage location, but it cannot determine their exact location.


A storage location can be linked to only one warehouse.


A storage type is a division of a storage section that is based on the characteristics of the space, materials, or activity.


Storage sections represent the physical links between IM and WM.


Shelf storage is an example of a storage type 


Lightweight materials are designated as fast-moving materials.


A picking area groups materials with the same material type.


Storage bins are the smallest unit of space in a warehouse.


Transfer requirements can be created manually as well as automatically.


Transfer orders are used to execute warehouse movements.


Transfer orders can only be created automatically.


Target quantities, destination storage type, bin, and quant are examples of line item data in a transfer order.


Transfer orders in the execute warehouse management step can be created with or without a reference document.


One of the steps of the inventory management process related to procurement is post goods issue.


Inventory management in the production process involves a goods issue and a goods receipt.


A stock transfer from a storage bin in one warehouse to a storage bin in another warehouse is a possible scenario under which warehouse movements can occur.


