The main objective of material planning is

To minimize the expenses for storing excess inventory. 
To balance the demand for materials with the supply.
To shorten the duration of the procurement cycle. 
To eliminate excess inventory.
To prevent lost sales.


The money tied up in inventory best represents

An opportunity cost.
A liquid asset.
A strategic policy.
A high risk for loss.
A material planning strategy. 


A purchase requisition is

A confirmation for purchasing materials.
Proof of delivery.
A document issued by a vendor.
A request to purchase materials.
A confirmation of an inbound delivery.


Requirements in the material planning process specify

The master data requirements.
How the material planning should be executed.
The work center capacity.
Requirements for the different modes of transportation.
How many of the materials are needed and when they are needed.


The organizational data elements in material planning are:

Plant, production version, company code.
Planning version, company code, client.
Client, company code, production version.
Storage section, client, storage location.
Client, company code, plant, storage location.


The master data elements in material planning are:

Material masters, product types, storage location, vendors.
Product routings, bills of material, material masters, product groups.
Product types, product routings, material masters, product groups.
Product routings, product types, material masters, customers.
Material masters, storage location, product groups, product routings.


A company has two options for procuring materials: make or buy. Which MRP data view of the material master will the ERP system consider for this decision?

MRP 1
MRP 2 
MRP 3
MRP 4 
None of the above


Which of the following statements best represents what procurement type indicates?

How a material is produced
Vendor’s groups
All of the ways to procure a material the user will choose from when making a decision 
Whether a material is produced in house, obtained externally, both, or none
How a vendor will be chosen in the procurement process


MRP type specifies

Whether the material is produced in house or is obtained externally.
How material quantities for planning will be calculated.
The production control technique used in planning.
The available time periods the ERP system can use for scheduling.
The strategy for BOM selection.


Replenishment lead time is

The time between placing an order and receiving the materials. 
The amount of time the routing operations will last.
The length of time a working center usually operates (in hrs, in one day).
Another term for capacity.
A synonym for interoperation time.


Which of the following statements about consumption-based planning is TRUE?

Planning is based on historical data.
Planning is based on exploding the BOM.
Dependent demand is derived from independent demand.
It is used for high-value materials
Planning is based on MPS.


Which of the following options represents categories of consumption-based planning?

Materials-requirement planning, time-phased planning, reorder-point planning
Master production scheduling, MRP, forecast-based planning
MRP, forecast-based planning, master production scheduling
Forecast-based planning, time-phased planning, reorder-point planning
None of the above


A company would be most likely to apply consumption-based planning for which of the following products?

Car
Brake
Engine
Printer
Pen


The MRP technique calculates the requirements for a material based on

Historical data.
Current data.
The material’s dependence on other materials.
Material type.
Replenishment lead time.


Exploding the BOM refers to

Creating the BOM hierarchy showing all the levels of the BOM. 
Calculating and planning requirements for materials at all levels of the BOM.
Executing the BOM for materials at the top level of the BOM.
Choosing the planning strategy for the BOM.
Generating multiple BOMs for materials in the same material group.


Requirements that are calculated based on actual and forecasted sales are known as

Planned independent requirements.
Customer-planned independent requirements.
Integrated independent requirements.
Forecast-independent requirements.
Customer-independent requirements.


The lot size key specifies the

Optimum lot size for a group of materials.
Recommended lot size for a material.
Procedure used to determine the capacity of a storage area.
Lot size groups per each material type.
Procedure that is used to determine the lot size.


The static lot-sizing procedure

Combines the requirements from multiple time periods into one lot.
Specifies a fixed quantity based on fixed lot size.
Specifies a quantity that is fixed for a specific, limited time period.
Specifies a fixed quantity based on either fixed lot size or lot-for-lot.
Combines quantities for multiple time periods into several lots.


Setup time, processing time, and interoperation time are elements of

In-house production time.
Goods issue processing time.
Planned delivery time.
Goods receipt processing time.
Planned shipping time.


Setup time is the time required to

Set up the operations used in a work center.
Move materials from one work center to another.
Process materials in production.
Set up the work centers used in production.
Move materials from one storage location to another.


In SAP ERP production planning  strategy, net requirements planning (Strategy 10), procurement proposals are based on

CIRs and components that are already in stock.
PIRs, with regard to CIRs.
PIRs, without regard to CIRs.
CIRs, but components are not in stock.
PIRs, but the components are not in stock.


Consider the following scenario, then choose which one of the options below corresponds to the level of CIRs and PIRs after consumption. Before consumption: Procurement proposal for CIRs: 50 Procurement proposal for PIRs: 50

CIRs: 50, PIRs: 0
CIRs: 50, PIRs: 50
CIRs: 0, PIRs: 0
CIRs: 0, PIRs: 50
CIRs: 100, PIRs: 100


The manner in which CIRs consume PIRs is determined by the

Consumption type.
Consumption mode.
Consumption strategy.
Planning strategy.
Planning type.


What does SOP stand for?

Sales and operations planning
Strategic operations planning
Sales operations planner
Systems operations products
Sales operations projects


What is SOP used for?

Creating an operational plan and material documents
Calculating the financial impact of the material movements
Generating and executing the operations plan
Tracking material movements
Forecasting and planning     


After the SOP process has generated the production plan, 

SOP executes the plan.
The plan is conveyed to MRP for execution.
The plan is transferred to demand management.
SOP uses the plan to generate execution plan. 
The plan is saved as a production version.


The planning table is best defined as

An independent tool used for parallel execution of the SOP process.
An interface for transferring data into SOP.
An interface used to enter all the operational plans.
A spreadsheet-like tool used to complete the tasks in SOP. 
A brainstorming session for selecting the most appropriate plan. 


Given the information below, calculate disaggregated quantities for touring bikes (TOUR) and off-road bikes (ORBK).Total production = 100 TOUR proportion factor = 35 ORBK proportion factor = 65

TOUR = 35, ORBK = 65
TOUR = 65, ORBK = 35
TOUR = 0, ORBK = 65
TOUR = 35, ORBK = 0
TOUR = 50, ORBK = 50


Master production scheduling is specialized form of

MRP.
Demand planning.
SOP.
Production planning.
Operations scheduling.


Given the following information, use the net requirement calculation to calculate the available stock. MRP type is consumption-based planning. Plant stock = 100 Receipts = 20 Issues = 10 Safety stock = 30

120
130
80
70
110


Given the following information, use the net requirement calculation to calculate the available stock. MRP type is MPS. Plant stock = 100 Receipts = 20 Issues = 10 Safety stock = 30

120
130
80
70
110


In the determine procurement proposal step, for materials with the procurement type of internal, MRP will:

Generate purchase requisitions.
Provide three options.
Prompt the MRP controller to select the appropriate production version. 
Transfer this step to MPS.
Always generate planned orders.


Which of the following is most likely to trigger the MRP process?

A periodic planning need
Changes to MRP elements
The need for an operations plan
Events affecting demand
Events affecting supply


The most important reporting tool in material planning is the

Planning result report.
MRP list.
Stock overview.
Stock/requirements list.
Strategies list.


The stock/requirements list displays

Changes in the planning situation since MRP was run.
MRP elements at an aggregation level.
All MRP elements for a material.
Required materials per production version.
All materials needed per MRP element.


---
Lack of overall planning may result in excess inventory and lost sales. 


When a company transfers part of the materials in stock from one distribution center to another, this scenario is known as stock-out. 


Material planning is one of the most complex processes within an organization. 


Planned orders are requests to produce materials. 


MRP uses requirements to generate the final procurement proposals


Storage area is one of the organizational data elements in material planning. 


Product routings is one of the master data elements in material planning. 


Work scheduling data are defined at the client level. 


MRP is defined at the plant level. 


MRP data are specific to each plant. 


In-house production is the most common procurement type for raw materials. 


Semifinished goods are typically purchased from vendors


MRP type specifies the production control technique used in planning. 


Consumption-based planning calculates the requirements for a material based on current consumption data. 


In time-phased planning, materials are ordered when the stock level reaches a predetermined level known as the reorder point. 


Consumption-based planning assumes that future consumption will follow the same patterns as current consumption. 


In a scenario when the need for brakes depends on the need to produce cars, consumption-based planning will be an appropriate strategy to use.


Typically, semi-finished goods and raw materials have dependent requirements. 


The input to MRP is the independent requirement for the finished goods. 


MPS is a mandatory step in the planning process and is usually followed by MRP. 


Period lot-sizing procedures combine the requirements from multiple time periods, such as days or weeks, into one lot. 


For externally procured materials, the planned delivery time and the GR processing time are used 


Lot size dependent times remain the same regardless of the amount of the material being procured. 


The BOM selection method in the material master identifies the criteria the system should use to select the BOM. 


A BOM is used only in the materials planning process. 


Planning with final assembly takes into consideration current sales orders. 


When using planning without final assembly, components are made to order, and the finished product is made to stock. 


The strategy group defines the strategy the system uses to determine whether a quantity of material will be available on a specific day. 


A BOM always identifies the components needed to make one unit of the finished product. 


In make-to-stock strategy the production of the finished goods and any needed semifinished goods is triggered by a sales order. 


Consumption-based planning derives dependent demand based on independent requirements and exploding the BOM. 


A product group groups products with similar planning characteristics, such as similar types. 


Whether SOP is required depends on the production planning strategy used for the material. 


The MRP controller is a program in the SOP process that is responsible for creating procurement proposals and monitoring material availability. 


SOP can be either flexible or standard. 


The operations plan is an outcome of SOP. 


After planning the master schedule items, MRP creates dependent requirements for the components of those items. 


MPS is generally appropriate for high-value items only. 


MPS creates planned orders for the MPS items and dependent requirements for all items in the BOM.


Net requirements calculation is one of the steps in MRP. 


The lot size calculation step in MRP is used to determine whether there is a need to procure the material. 


The ERP system initially uses forward scheduling and employs backward scheduling only if forward scheduling is unsuccessful. 


A processing key is a control parameter that determines how the materials in the MRP list will be organized. 


The schedule lines control parameter applies to scheduling agreements. 


The MRP list, unlike the stock/requirements list, highlights changes to MRP elements that have occurred since MRP was executed. 


The planning result report aggregates quantities for MRP elements to make it easier to view the overall picture. 
