Which one of the following is NOT a type of organizational data relevant to the production process?

Company code
Credit control area
Client
Storage location
Plant


In process industries like chemicals and beverages, the bill of materials is also known as a(n)

Formula
List of chemicals
Bill of chemicals
Equation
Material list


Which one of the following best describes a work center?

A location where materials are placed right before they are shipped
Another term used to describe an office building
A location where value-added work needed to produce a material is carried out
A shipping dock
A storage shelf in a warehouse


All of the following can serve as a work center except

A group of machines
A group of people responsible for completing operations
A production line
A work area
A shipping dock


What term describes two simultaneous series of operations needed to build components for a finished product?

Parallel sequences
Alternate sequences
Same sequence
Line sequence
Production sequence


Which one of the following best defines material staging?

Component materials are moved into storage
Component materials are received from the vendor
Component materials are moved from storage and prepared for use
Defective returned goods are broken down into several components for refurbishment
Finished materials are moved back into a storage area


What term identifies the list of materials needed to produce one or more units of a finished good?

Routing
Source materials
Component listing
Bill of components
Bill of materials


At what level are material requirements planning (MRP) and work scheduling data defined?

Client level
Plant level
Company code level
Sales area level
Production level


Which of the following is not a step in the production process?

Production authorization
Goods issue
Request production
Billing
Order release


If a company has adopted the make-to-stock strategy, what is the trigger for the production of goods?

Need to increase inventory
Customer order
Request for quotation
Customer inquiry
Billing document


Which of the following does a routing identify on a production order?

The materials or components to be used in production
The location where operations are to be performed
The capacity requirements of the production order
The location of raw materials in the warehouse
The operations needed to produce a material


What step in the production process is used to enter data in to the SAP ERP system when the operations needed to produce a materials are completed?

Production note
Confirmation
Order complete
Production record
Production outcome


The creation of a production order results in several outcomes including all of the following except

Scheduling
Availability checks
Purchase requisitions
Preliminary costing
Confirmation


What operation in the routing is sometimes necessary to prepare materials for use in production?

Backflushing
Confirmation
Material staging
Recall
Reservation


Which of the following is not an outcome of a goods issue to a production order?

The material master is updated to reflect the reduction in the quantity and value of the materials issued
Actual costs associated with material consumption are calculated
Material reservations are updated
A goods receipt is automatically recorded
An FI document is created to record financial accounting data


When the finished goods have been produced the SAP ERP system allows a user to record which of the following?

Confirmation
Goods issue
Order release
Goods receipt
Authorize production r


Which of the following is an important report in the production process?

Work list
Stock requirement list
Online list
BOM
None of the above


---
A bill of materials identifies the finished goods that are to be shipped to a specific customer.


An active bill of materials can be used in the production of a material, but an inactive BOM cannot.


A work center is a location where materials are placed immediately before they are shipped.


All operations must be performed in some type of sequence, and many operations can be completed in a variety of sequences.


Fixed time elements represent the time needed to produce one unit of material.


Variable time elements are independent of how many units of material are produced.


Material staging is the process in which component materials are moved from storage and prepared for use.


Component assignment is a technique that assigns components in a BOM either to a routing or to a specific operation within the routing.


Production resource tools are movable resources that are shared among different work centers.


Typically a production order does not include any references to the BOM, routing, or work centers.


Capacity split is a strategy that is used to determine how the production work  is to be distributed among machines and/or people


After production has been completed, a goods receipt against the production order is used to pick the goods and ship them to the customer


If the bill of materials and the routing data are changed after the production order has been created, the system must be manually instructed to reenter the data


A time ticket is used to record the amount of time required to complete various operations


Material staging is a technique that is used to automatically record the goods issue when an order is confirmed


Periodic processing is also known as period-end closing


Overhead allocation, work in process determination, and order settlement are all included in periodic processing


A technically complete status for a production order means that even though the main  material is complete, other production processes may be needed to complete smaller components of the material
